Proposal : Data.List.Byte as Byte-like data operator and converter (#690)
vim-jp/vital.vim: doc/vital/Data/List/Byte.txt

*vital/Data/List/Byte.txt*		bytes-list utilities library.

Maintainer: Tsuyoshi CHO <Tsuyoshi.CHO+develop@Gmail.com>

==============================================================================
CONTENTS				*Vital.Data.List.Byte-contents*

INTRODUCTION			|Vital.Data.List.Byte-introduction|
INTERFACE			|Vital.Data.List.Byte-interface|
  Functions			  |Vital.Data.List.Byte-functions|

==============================================================================
INTRODUCTION				*Vital.Data.List.Byte-introduction*

*Vital.Data.List.Byte* is bytes |List| and other bytes-list like data converter.

==============================================================================
INTERFACE				*Vital.Data.List.Byte-interface*
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FUNCTIONS				*Vital.Data.List.Byte-functions*

validate({data})		         *Vital.Data.List.Byte.validate()*
	Return bool value.

> 	{data} is List, all data as |Number| and it is min 0/max 255,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	returns 1 the given {data} is a |List| with its all values are 0 to 255 |Number|s.
```

Reviewer: urg it doesn't support multiline fixes

Reviewer: Added 2bdfb5a9272a738c7b5dcc1b7c20686bee93a9c4 a6ad36dcb64ad417dd67b71b4a4daff144458527 at master instead. These are trivial doc fixes and don't need to be checked by CIs.

Author: Thanks a lot!!
